# RuralFarmingDB
This data warehouse covers farmland and greenhouse usage for a Northern China village. It includes 1,201 mu of land, divided into flat dryland, terraces, hillsides, and irrigated fields. The village also has standard and smart greenhouses. The data supports crop rotation planning, avoiding continuous cropping, and optimizing yield efficiency.

Making full use of the limited arable land resources according to the actual situation in the countryside and developing the organic planting industry according to local conditions are of great practical significance to the sustainable development of the rural economy. Choosing suitable crops and optimising planting strategies can facilitate field management, improve production efficiency and reduce the risks of planting caused by various uncertainties.  

A village is located in the mountainous area of North China, where the temperature is low all year round, and most of the arable land can only grow one season of crops per year. The village has 1,201 mu of open arable land, which is scattered into 34 plots of different sizes, including four types: flat and dry land, terraced land, hillside land and watered land. Dry and level land, terraced land and hillside land are suitable for growing one season of grain crops per year, while irrigated land is suitable for growing one season of rice or two seasons of vegetables per year. The village has 16 ordinary greenhouses and 4 intelligent greenhouses, each with a cultivated area of 0.6 mu. Ordinary greenhouses are suitable for growing one season of vegetables and one season of edible fungi per year, while intelligent greenhouses are suitable for growing two seasons of vegetables per year. The same plot of land (including greenhouses) can be planted with different crops in each season.  Please refer to Annex 1 for details.  

According to the growth pattern of crops, each crop cannot be planted continuously in the same plot (including greenhouses), or else the yield will be reduced; because the soil containing legume rhizobium is favourable to the growth of other crops, starting from 2023, it is required that all the land in each plot (including greenhouses) should be planted with legume crops at least once in three years. At the same time, the planting programme should take into account the convenience of farming operations and field management, such as not spreading out the planting area for each crop in each season, not planting too small an area for each crop in a single plot (including greenhouses), etc. Crops planted in 2023 and related statistics are shown in Annex 2.
